applications: nrf_desktop: Document SUIT support (#15851)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    The PDK can act as a sample mouse or keyboard.
    It supports the Bluetooth LE HID data transport and uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
    The PDK uses MCUboot bootloader built in the direct-xip mode (``MCUBOOT+XIP``) and supports firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
  * Support for the nRF54H20 DK with the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target.
    The PDK can act as a sample mouse.
    It supports the Bluetooth LE HID data transport and uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
    Application uses new USB stack "USB-next".

>     It allows using USB high speed with report rate up to 8000 Hz.

Reviewer: USB High-Speed*

>     The nrf54h20dk uses DFU and secure boot method SUIT and supports firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.

Reviewer: IMO too many and :D

Consider something like:
```
The nRF54H20 DK uses DFU and secure boot method called the Software Updates for Internet of Things (SUIT).
It supports firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
```

    The PDK can act as a sample mouse or keyboard.
    It supports the Bluetooth LE HID data transport and uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
    The PDK uses MCUboot bootloader built in the direct-xip mode (``MCUBOOT+XIP``) and supports firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.

>   * Support for the nRF54H20 DK with the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target.

Reviewer 2: You should also add a record for nRF54H DK under `nRF Desktop: Board configuration`

Author: Don't understand you.

>     The PDK can act as a sample mouse.

Reviewer 2: `PDK` -> `DK`

    It supports the Bluetooth LE HID data transport and uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
    Application uses new USB stack "USB-next".

>     It allows using USB High-Speed with report rate up to 8000 Hz.

Reviewer 2: The DK supports USB High-Speed with HID report rate up to 8000 Hz and relies on USB next stack (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_DEVICE_STACK_NEXT`).

>     It supports the Bluetooth LE HID data transport and uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
>     Application uses new USB stack "USB-next" (:kconfig:option:CONFIG_USB_DEVICE_STACK_NEXT).
>     It allows using USB High-Speed with HID report rate up to 8000 Hz.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    It supports the Bluetooth LE and USB HID data transports.
    The Bluetooth LE transport uses SoftDevice Link Layer with Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) enabled.
    The USB transport uses new USB stack "USB-next" (:kconfig:option:CONFIG_USB_DEVICE_STACK_NEXT).
    It allows using USB High-Speed with HID report rate up to 8000 Hz.
```

>     The nRF54H20 DK uses DFU and secure boot method called the Software Updates for Internet of Things (SUIT).

Reviewer 2: `The nRF54H20 DK supports firmware update using Software Updates for Internet of Things (SUIT).`
Not sure if we should call it `secure boot` as we do not sign our update images now.

>     It supports firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.

Reviewer 2: Why not to mention both supported DFU methods here?

>     It supports firmware updates using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` and :ref:`nrf_desktop_smp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The update image transfer can be handled either by the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_smp`.`
```
